# Basic Information of Service

The purpose of Signzy's Decision Engine is to help user configure multiple level checks which run after the submission of every onboarding.

**Points that give Signzy's Decision Engine an edge**&#x20;

1. Increases the responsiveness of the application by not making the user go through checks on every page of the onboarding.
2. Having multiple level of rules making it a comprehensive system for checking every application with ease with no scope for errors in processing the application.

**The system makes the decisions through two structures-**

1. Checkbox
2. Check

This has been done to make the system as extensible as possible.

**Checkbox**

Checkbox stores the database on which the operations are to be performed, the checks to run and the pages on which the check results need to be tagged. The role of checkbox is to retrieve data from the database and send it to check.&#x20;

Just to give more clarity to this point, for example for each widget there is one checkbox which contains all the checks related to that widget in it.

**Check**

The data from the associated checkbox comes to the check where the operations take place on the data and accordingly the results are assigned.

**Level**

Decisions use the output of checks to give the final outcome. A level 1 decision will have the access to the output of the checks in level 0. Similarly the decisions of level n will have to access to the output generated by the checks at level n-1,n-2,...,0.

**Decision**

A decision is configurable and the results of which depend on the outputs of the checks generated in the previous level. A decision is taken on the basis of truth tables. For example a decision is based on check 1 and check 2 it will get output from the checks in the form of entries like SS, SU, SF, FU etc. which will be mapped to an output S,U and F  where  S is Safe, F is Fail and U is Uncertain. It is possible to make these truth tables according to the requirements.&#x20;

**Run Checks**

This endpoint runs the configured checks, decisions and stores results according to the merchant's data. This must be called after merchant has finished onboarding.

****
